license minification (#5358)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/licensing/index.md

partial: license-management

> When the license content is embedded (for example for Docker deployments of endpoints) the content could be _minified_. This can be done by removing the spaces and line-breaks within the file. When downloading the license file from Particular website, a 'minify=true' parameter can be added to the download URL to achieve the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the license needs to be embedded in a single line of text. For example, in a command line when deploying an endpoint with Docker. For these purposes, the license can be _minified_ by removing all spaces and line-breaks. This can be done by adding `minify=true` to the query string of the URL used to download a license file from the Particular Software website.
```
